Alpha submission (#48)
Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest: docs/alpha_submission.md

(which on a fresh clone would be `rwroute`) one would just run:

```
make run-container
```

This is roughly equivalent to:
```
apptainer build rwroute_container.sif alpha_submission/rwroute_container.def
apptainer run --pid --home `pwd` --rocm --bind /etc/OpenCL --mount src=/tools/,dst=/tools/,ro rwroute_container.sif make
```

The `apptainer build` command creates an image from the `rwroute_container.def`
definition, and the `apptainer run` command runs this image. The Apptainer
command line options do the following:

* `--pid` runs the container in a new process ID namespace to ensure processes
spawned by the container are not orphaned if the container is killed.
* ``--home `pwd` `` sets the container home directory to be the current directory
* `--rocm --bind /etc/OpenCL` configures [GPU Access](alpha_submission.md#gpu-access)
* `--mount ...` creates a read-only mount of the host system's `/tools`
directory to the container's `/tools` directory, which allows the container to
access the host Vivado installation.

The remainder of the Apptainer command line simply runs the default make target from inside the
container.

> Finally, in order to aid in development the target:

Author: added clarification here: https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/pull/48/commits/3bb21788f36a16a6a80fc402fca0e5f280134300

> Finally, in order to aid in development the the Makefile target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, in order to aid in development the Makefile target:
```

> Apptainer is a container platform. It allows you to create and run containers that package up pieces of software in a way that is portable and reproducible. You can build a container using Apptainer on your laptop, and then run it on many of the largest HPC clusters in the world, local university or company clusters, a single server, in the cloud, or on a workstation down the hall. Your container is a single file, and you don’t have to worry about how to install all the software you need on each different operating system.

Apptainer containers may be described with a `*.def`
[definition file](https://apptainer.org/docs/user/latest/definition_files.html)
that specifies the base operating system image, and any further customisations
(such as library installations) required to support an application. A
definition file can then be compiled into an executable `*.sif` image which
allows the application to be run in an isolated environment.

The [contest repository](https://github.com/Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest/)
has been updated with example `*.def` files in the `alpha_submission` directory
for both `rwroute` and `nxroute-poc`. To build and run the default container

> (which on a fresh clone would be `rwroute`):
> one would just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(which on a fresh clone would be `rwroute`) one would just run:
```

```
make run-container
```

This is roughly equivalent to:
```
apptainer build rwroute_container.sif alpha_submission/rwroute_container.def

> apptainer run --pid --home `pwd` --rocm --bind /etc/OpenCL --mount src=/tools/,dst=/tools/,ro rwroute_container.sif make ROUTER="rwroute" BENCHMARKS=<list of all benchmarks>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apptainer run --pid --home `pwd` --rocm --bind /etc/OpenCL --mount src=/tools/,dst=/tools/,ro rwroute_container.sif make
```

```

The `apptainer build` command creates an image from the `rwroute_container.def`
definition, and the `apptainer run` command runs this image. The Apptainer
command line options do the following:

* `--pid` runs the container in a new process ID namespace to ensure processes
spawned by the container are not orphaned if the container is killed.
* ``--home `pwd` `` sets the container home directory to be the current directory
* `--rocm --bind /etc/OpenCL` configures [GPU Access](alpha_submission.md#gpu-access)
* `--mount ...` creates a read-only mount of the host system's `/tools`
directory to the container's `/tools` directory, which allows the container to
access the host Vivado installation.

> The remainder of the Apptainer command line simply runs a make target in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of the Apptainer command line simply runs the default make target from inside the
```

container.

> Finally, in order to aid in development the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, in order to aid in development the target:
```

```
make test-container
```

has also been provided. This target is identical to the `run-container` target,
except that results are only collected for the `boom_med_pb` benchmark, instead
of collecting results for every benchmark. This allows contestants to quickly

> test their apptainer flow and avoid overloading shared resources should they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test their Apptainer flow and avoid overloading shared resources should they
```
